README.md, before:

# Sellpy Sandbox

Welcome to the Sellpy Sandbox environment for fullstack development!

Start by forking the repository.

## Prerequisites

NodeJS - https://nodejs.org/en/download/

## Getting started

### To start the backend:

 - Navigate to the backend folder
 - Run 'npm ci'
 - Run 'npm start'

### To start the frontend:

 - Navigate to the frontend folder
 - Run 'npm ci'
 - Run 'npm start'

 A browsertab will automatically open and load the app.

### Development set-up
If you don't have a favorite editor we highly recommend [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com). We've also had some ESLint rules set up which will help you catch bugs etc. If you're using VSCode, install the regular [ESLint plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) and you should be good to go!

You can open the root folder in one workspace, or `/frontend` and `/backend` in seperate workspaces - both should work fine.

## Assignment
Your assignment is to improve this todo list application. At the moment the application is simple and can only create and remove todos.
As is, nothing is persisted in the server. As a result all state is cleared when refreshing the page!
Below follows one main task and 4 additional tasks. Your assignment is to complete the main task together with at least 2 out of 4 of the additional tasks.
If you feel constrained by time (which is totally fine!), prioritize quality over quantity.

### Main Task
Persist todos on the server. Persisting in a database is not required. (Simple js structures on the server is fine). If you do go for an actual DB (again not required), be sure to include instructions of how to get it up and running.

### Additional tasks
- Don't require users to press save when an item is added/edited in the todolist. (Autosave functionality)
- Make it possible to indicate that a todo is completed.
- Indicate that a todolist is completed if all todo items within are completed.
- Add a date for completion to todo items. Indicate how much time is remaining or overdue.

## Submission

Send a link to your forked repository to your contact person at Sellpy.

Commit message:

Add todo persistence
Backend:
- add REST API for todo lists and todos
- add sequelize setup, models, migrations and seeds
- update npm scripts

Frontned:
- add todo persistence
- extract todo into a separate component
- add todo list and todo API services
- add snackbar component for error handling
- add prettier config

Other:
- add mysql docker service definition

README.md, after:

# Sellpy Sandbox

Welcome to the Sellpy Sandbox environment for fullstack development!

Start by forking the repository.

## Prerequisites

NodeJS - https://nodejs.org/en/download/

## Getting started

### Database provisioning

- Install docker: [Get Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- Run `docker-compose up -d ` in the root directory of the repository


Alternatively:

- Setup local mysql database instance
- Update connection parameters in `/backend/config/config.json`

### Migrations

To create a database and run migrations:

-  `npm run db:migrate`

To seed database with test data:

- `npm run db:seed`

### To start the backend:

 - Navigate to the backend folder
 - Run 'npm ci'
 - Run 'npm start'

### To start the frontend:

 - Navigate to the frontend folder
 - Run 'npm ci'
 - Run 'npm start'

 A browsertab will automatically open and load the app.

### Development set-up
If you don't have a favorite editor we highly recommend [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com). We've also had some ESLint rules set up which will help you catch bugs etc. If you're using VSCode, install the regular [ESLint plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) and you should be good to go!

You can open the root folder in one workspace, or `/frontend` and `/backend` in seperate workspaces - both should work fine.

## Assignment
Your assignment is to improve this todo list application. At the moment the application is simple and can only create and remove todos.
As is, nothing is persisted in the server. As a result all state is cleared when refreshing the page!
Below follows one main task and 4 additional tasks. Your assignment is to complete the main task together with at least 2 out of 4 of the additional tasks.
If you feel constrained by time (which is totally fine!), prioritize quality over quantity.

### Main Task
Persist todos on the server. Persisting in a database is not required. (Simple js structures on the server is fine). If you do go for an actual DB (again not required), be sure to include instructions of how to get it up and running.

### Additional tasks
- Don't require users to press save when an item is added/edited in the todolist. (Autosave functionality)
- Make it possible to indicate that a todo is completed.
- Indicate that a todolist is completed if all todo items within are completed.
- Add a date for completion to todo items. Indicate how much time is remaining or overdue.

## Submission

Send a link to your forked repository to your contact person at Sellpy.
